>> Bianca Gandolfo: So our interface.
So we have our constructor function.
Inside of our constructor
function we need a storage.
We need to store our data whether
it's a reference to our functions,
whether it's a list of all of our cats or
whatever it may be.
We need to have a storage and
then we have our methods, right.
We have push, we're pretty familiar
with this interface, right?
And this is why it's a pretty common
first data structure to encounter.
Push, we're familiar with that.
Push means you're gonna put a value,
the top or on the back, right?
Top takes it off the back and
size is gonna tell you
the size of our stack, right.
So in the world where we
are talking about stack frames,
it will count the stack frames.
In the world where it's an array of our
cats in order from our favorite cat to
our least favorite cat.
Probably based on how similar they
based on how similar they are to dogs.
That's how I like cats.
If that cats more like a dog,
they're more my favorite.
And so I would sort my stack
like that of cat names.
So we're familiar with these.
And let's think about this.
So, if we had to implement a stack but
we didn't have an array,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: What could we use?
What in the world is life for
a stack outside of an array?
>> Speaker 2: Linked
list?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Hmm?
>> Speaker 2: Linked list,
or I'm sorry.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: It could be a linked
list, but we don't have a native
linked list in JavaScript, yeah.
Yeah,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: But that's good,
I see where your brain is going.
How do we store data
in vanilla JavaScript.
If we didn't have a data structure,
how do we store it?
>> Speaker 3: Variable.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: In a variable.
Yeah, we can store it in a variable.
That's how we store data.
We could hypothetically
just have a string.
And if our data is all strings we could
just concatenate along the string and
then just have methods that will only
slice off the end of the string.
Maybe you'll have spaces or
dashes or something like that.
Are we following here?
>> Speaker 4: Yeah.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool.
So here we have our constructor
where our storage is a string.
If we start off as an empty
string this is our empty stack.
And then we have our,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Our
different methods here, right?
We're all familiar with this now.
We can see that we're
creating our instance.
This is gonna be a weekly menu so,
I don't know if you guys on Sunday or
Monday kind of think about,
okay this week I'm gonna have red beans.
I'm from New Orleans originally, so
we always have red beans on a Monday.
And tomorrow's Tuesday,
maybe we'll have tacos for Tuesday.
Wednesday I heard that we
might have Jamaican food.
And so we can push our weekly
menu onto our stack here and
then just pop it off as we
need a recipe or whatever.
So here we are,
we're creating our weekly menu.
However, we have a problem.
Our engineer did not finish
implementing the methods.
My God, what are we gonna do?
What are we gonna do?
I think we need to pace and
put our hands like this.
This is what we do when
we don't know what to do.
Hyperventilating, [NOISE].
Okay, I think we're fine,
gonna be fine, okay, all right.
So,
>> Bianca Gandolfo: I'm gonna turn it
over to you all.
Yeah?
We are going to do
the job of our engineers.
Those engineers, they're never doing
their job, right, it's so annoying.
We're gonna implement this,
our storage is a string, yeah?
So we need to push our data, you can
create rules about this data if you want.
It's data, maybe it has to be a string.
Maybe we can't push a function on there,
cuz that would get complicated.
Maybe it's a number.
Maybe you have to separate it with a dash,
or
maybe you have to separate it with,
I don't know, you get to decide.
And that's the cool thing
about this cooking class,
you have a framework here,
you get to put in the ingredients.
Yeah.
So we're gonna take about 20 minutes.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: To
implement our stack.
Is everyone clear with what we have to do?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Awesome.
Okay.
>> Speaker 2: Question?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
>> Speaker 5: David M is asking,
couldn't we use a literal
using the index as it's properties?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Like
an object literal?
You could, but we are gonna use
a string because it's more interesting.
Yeah, but that's the next step,
you guys are one step ahead.
>> Speaker 2: Will you explain again
what exactly we need to do?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, absolutely.
So hopefully you guys have
access to the slides now.
You're gonna take this code, you're gonna
copy it, you're gonna put it in your
text editor, or even in your
JavaScript console if you like that.
We're gonna fill in the blanks.
So we have all these methods here,
but they're totally blank,
because the engineer didn't do the job,
typical.
So it's now up to you,
you've gotta stay up late and
finish up that work, so that we know
what we're gonna eat next week.
You know what I mean?
Otherwise, we're gonna starve,
so the stakes are pretty high.
Cool?
So we're building a stack interface.
So push pushes it to the back,
pop takes it off of of the back, yeah?
So.
>> Speaker 2: They're asking for
clarification in the chat room.
You want them to
use a string as the storage, correct?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: Not
an array.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Nope.
>> Speaker 2: Not
an object.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yep.
>> Speaker 2: Not a file, nothing.
A string.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Nope,
we're using a string.
We're using a string basically
as an array more or less.
You can think of it that way if that
makes more sense to you, David.
But we're using a string for
our storage for our stack.